##Time Tickets

Each student gets assigned a specific time slot during which they can register for courses. Students can add or drop classes only during the time assigned to them on their time tickets. 
How to view your time ticket:
1.	Log in to Buzzport
2.	On the Registration & Student services tab, select ‘Registration (OSCAR)’
3.	You will be directed to the ‘Student Services & Financial Aid’ page
4.	Select Registration
5.	Select Term
6.	Select Registration Status to view your time ticket

Note: Time Tickets for Phase I registration are usually assigned the Friday before academic advisement for the next term.
Time Tickets for Phase II registration are usually assigned the Friday following grade processing for the previous term. Refer to the Academic Calendar for specific dates.
Registering for courses

1.	Follow the same procedure as for viewing the Time Ticket, but for Step 6, Select ‘Add or Drop Classes’. 
2.	Classes can be added by entering the Course Reference Number (CRN) in the "Add Class" table.
3.	The list of available courses can be viewed by pressing the Class Search button. To register, click the box next to the desired course. If the course is closed (no more available seats) a "C" will appear to the left of the CRN instead of a box. After selecting the course, select ‘Add to worksheet’ and submit for registration.
4.	If registration was successful, those classes will appear in the "Class Registered Successfully" section
5.	Classes can be dropped by using the pull down box next to the course. 
6.	If Registration was unsuccessful, a registration error message marked with a stop sign will appear. For information the types of registration errors and how to resolve them, view: https://registrar.gatech.edu/registration/error-messages

Note: For more information on course registration, visit https://registrar.gatech.edu/registration/registration-information


Compulsory courses for CBS students

Students enrolled in the CBS program must register for the following courses every semester:
1.	Psych 6040: Topics in Cognition and Brain Sciences (1 credit)
a.	This is a weekly seminar (Brownbag) where students and faculty from CBS can present their work
2.	Psych 8907: Special Problems in Cognition and Brain Sciences 
a.	Make sure to register under the section ‘DR’
b.	This is a restricted course, so permits will have to be obtained prior to registration (see below)
c.	Sign up for as many credits as you need to reach the maximum number of credits you are allowed to register for (21 for Fall/Spring and 16 for Summer Terms). 
d.	To change the number of credits, once you have successfully registered for the course, click on the number of credits assigned to that class (under the ‘Current Schedule’ table) and enter the number of credits you wish to register.


Obtaining permits for restricted courses

1.	Permits should be obtained from the Academic Program Coordinator, Shebbie Murray 
2.	Locate the permit form for the Psychology department on the Permit/Overload Departmental contacts page on the Registrar’s website: https://registrar.gatech.edu/info/permit-overload-departmental-contacts
3.	Once you submit the form, Shebbie will approve your request in a day or two and you will receive a mail saying that your registration override request has been approved. 

Note: For enquiries about registration, you can contact Shebbie Murray, smurray48@gatech.edu



